two people have been killed in an
Israeli drone strike that hit a car in a
town 35 km from Beirut according to Al
jazer security sources a Hamas official
who was the target of the attack
survived it's the second attack this
week inside lemonan Beyond The Border
region with Israel Z has more for us
from
Beirut an official in the Palestinian
movement Hamas has survived an
assassination attempt two missiles fired
by an Israeli drone hit his vehicle two
bystanders standers were killed in that
attack now this was deep inside Lebanon
approximately 60 kilm from the border
with Israel outside the Battleground
where the Israeli Army and the Lebanese
armed group Hezbollah have been
exchanging fire uh triggered by the war
on Gaza this is not the first attack of
its kind on Thursday an Israeli drone
targeted a vehicle in the the southern
city of nabati also outside the
Battleground targeting members of
Hezbollah so this is really becoming a
strategy on the part of the Israelis and
what is clear is that there's no longer
a front line back in January hamas's
number two men was assassinated in the
heart of the Lebanese Capital so Israel
is using this opportunity really to
Target um officials from Hezbollah from
Hamas as as well as try to degrade the
capabilities of Hezbollah in southern
Lebanon all the while this this
escalation not just in Lebanon but
across the region is what is being
discussed by Iran's foreign minister who
is in Beirut as part of a regional
tour the messaging began upon arrival
Iran's foreign minister Hussein Amir
abdulian was received at Beirut Airport
by representatives of Hezbollah in
Lebanon and Palestinian group groups
Hamas and Islamic Jihad before he met
the leader of Hezbollah Hassan nah for
talks on political and security
challenges triggered by the Gaza
war after months of aggression and
genocide by the Zionist regime against
Gaza and the West Bank Tel Aviv has not
achieved any of its stated goals the
continuation of America's support for
the Zionist regime and for Netanyahu
will have no results but a final defeat
the Iran Le so-called access of
resistance is at war with Israel and the
United States over Gaza whether along
the Lebanon Israel border where
Hezbollah opened a front to help relieve
pressure on Hamas or in Syria and Iraq
where Iranian backed armed groups have
been targeting US troops while the
iran-backed hthis in Yemen have been
attacking international shipping in the
Red
Sea but Iran wasn't represented at
Thursday's meeting in Saudi Arabia
Arabia where ministers from Arab Nations
discussed initiatives for Gaza after the
war ends interestingly the inclusion of
Qatar and the exclusion of Iran is
something for us to take note of because
uh the Saudis were saying that this is
an Arab problem that requires Arab
Solutions Iran of course wants to have a
say in what transpires once the war is
over during his meetings in Beirut abdan
said Palestinians themselves must decide
their future the Iranian Envoy trip to
Lebanon also coincided with Israeli
threats to widen its war on Hezbollah if
it doesn't get security guarantees along
the
border this is the third visit to Beirut
by Iran's foreign minister since the war
on Gaza began in October and as on
previous trips Abdul lahan will visit
Damascus where Iran also wields
influence through armed groups after
that he is due to head to Qatar which
has been a main mediator between Israel
and
Hamas Iran has denied orchestrating the
regional fronts that have opened against
Israel but the current policy of
attrition by allies of Iran has
increased Tan's influence in the region
and many interpret the Iranian foreign
Minister's latest tour as a message that
it too has a role in shaping the outcome
of negotiations on Gaza zah Al jaaz
Beirut